## The UBF is a framework that aids organizations in consulting for Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A), as well as large-scale project management. The framework views industries, businesses, and their connections from a relational and structural perspective similar to how we understand the universe. By studying the UBF, individuals can confidently understand, predict, and direct large decisions across entire industries, while navigating multiple projects and organizations simultaneously. The UBF maps and observes S.T.A.R.s (Systems, Technologies, Applications, and Resources) along their due course, while also aiding in navigating obstacles in a defined manner. The UBF has a defined classification system to easily understand the structure and dynamics of the galaxies within which aid in making informed decisions about companies, ideas, and investments. It is used by organizations that have adopted SWARM Intelligence, Agile Methodology, and DROID Ops (the latest DevOps and MLOps framework). The DROID Ops framework has defined sections that aid in large-scale project management, including Discovery, Research, Observation, Innovation, and Deployment.
## The UBF system sees an entire industry as a galaxy, with different companies and organizations as planets and stars. The biggest and most powerful company in the industry is the black hole, which consumes competitors. A super nova is a big event that affects the whole industry. The solar system is made up of the different holding companies that own smaller companies. The sun is the biggest and most visible company in a solar system, while a super star is a company that could become the sun someday. A star is a small company, and a moon is a subsidiary or side project. A comet is a project that's unstable and needs more planning. All of these different parts of the galaxy are connected and can influence each other, like how the different planets in our solar system affect each other.
